#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

=SVDMAN=

==Singular Value Decomposition Microarray ANalysis==

SVDMAN is a program for singular value decomposition analysis of global gene expression data. It is designed to operate both as a stand-alone command line executable and as a component of larger systems for gene expression analysis. It is freely distributed by Los Alamos National Laboratory, please take a copy and use it or build it into your own system for gene expression analysis.

The methods are described in the following paper:

ME Wall, PA Dyck, TS Brettin. SVDMAN -- Singular value decomposition analysis of microarray data. 2001. Bioinformatics 17:566-568.

There's also a powerpoint presentation:

[http://public.lanl.gov/mewall/svdman/Wall-TIGR-2000/sld001.htm P Dyck, M Wall, T Brettin. 2000. J Comp Biol 7:636]

And a paper generally describing application of SVD and PCA to microarray data:

[http://public.lanl.gov/mewall/kluwer2002.html Wall, Michael E., Andreas Rechtsteiner, Luis M. Rocha."Singular value decomposition and principal component analysis". in A Practical Approach to Microarray Data Analysis. D.P. Berrar, W. Dubitzky, M. Granzow, eds. pp. 91-109, Kluwer: Norwell, MA (2003)]

Please follow this link to the software documentation:

http://public.ds.lanl.gov/mewall/svdman/svdman-0.9b/doc/svdman.html



= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages